[Music]
[Applause] I
thought that loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away
in the corner I thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you next to me Not to invest my life nor to get your hopes
up and
I'll win the game the time that was
lost
[Music] I
ask you Every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
you want me to stay I'll stay
with you that things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around today
I'm with you with
you Not to invest my life nor
to get your hopes up and I
[Music] I'll
win the game the time that was
[Music]
lost I ask you Every day that your soul be my
guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you and
[Music] go
ahead invest  my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost
[Music]
and I ask Each day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
path and I ask each day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you ahead
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast each
morning I will promise that my life
where you
end I don't want false expectations nor to
live within a lie yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I will remember that I walk through that
plaza that with shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment arrived and I took your hand
while we continued walking for the 12
the great
City City City City
City why do I want to
Villar the star in the sky If by my
side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you will understand what I am
telling you you have to feel the heart
as it smiles inside
[Music]
I will tell you that you pinch me that each day When I
wake up that if I argue it is to
know you more there are no fogs that can
darken this
[Music]
love I
know that  we will go through moments that we will not have
the pain will be so strong that
we will think about
leaving each other but this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that we caused to the soul breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us I want to see it
shine more than I want to see the
star shine in the sky by my side I have the
most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you will understand me what I'm
telling you there will feel the way your heart
smiles
Inside I want to I want to
hold you yes by my side I
have
firmament I don't know if you
will understand me there is fact that And I'm
telling you there will be the way your heart smiles with
the
[Music] I
enter meow meow
Hello now now how do you
hear it Hello hello hello
now you can hear it now you can hear it
Good night good night How are you my
people well over here confirm that you can
hear it
well Well look you know what's happening maybe
nobody has noticed here
Not on YouTube but eh I'm coming Well I already arrived I arrived a little while ago I did
n't arrive I arrived
a little while ago not today well I'm
coming from a little Express trip a little
Express trip that happened yesterday
suddenly okay I mean no I haven't been able to upload the the
weekly bombshell okay it was going to be
uploaded yesterday Eh I haven't been able to upload it
because they announced it on WhatsApp yes it's
true yes it's true let's announce it on
WhatsApp come on today there's going to be very
few people here I don't understand with this
football thing
not to see family let's start the live shows okay let's start
with
gossip whoever isn't watching football come on
okay let's comment
chimillo very well something else Pilar very
well Javi Why didn't I see you in any
video because because I was traveling I
was traveling yesterday it occurred to me when
I woke up
eh We hadn't planned it okay if I
had planned it we would have done it
differently
m But well we decided to make plans
eh after the evening okay So
I went to pick up Fran and Pablo and
we were there with well we were we
had a night eh I mean today we
had a very very nice night
then over there then later at the salsería
I'll be having a little bit of fun showing
some photos and so on because we'll review
the evening today at the salsería Here
we're going to talk  of the heart no and of the
gossip from here but we had a
very pleasant night the truth is a
night of confidences between friends and
[ __ ] it was really worth it it was it was
a little did you know that Frank was going to
the evening man of course Leo Of course of course I
know what happens what happens is
that I well let's see at first
and he was going to come in and out basically
for
Well actually in reality that's what he
did I mean he came in and out only
during the plex thing without any more okay what we
hadn't planned anything after that
then yesterday it happened in the morning
we talked as soon as he arrived in
Madrid and I said to him Well let's see if you
want to make plans after the
evening I'm not going to go to the evening let's see
if if I had known and I had
organized it well I would have gotten some tickets
for the evening I would have asked him and whatever
and and I would have gone to the evening Let's see it
's not something that drives me crazy the
sports thing you know man
my two favorite artists would have been there
OK But let's see It's that  from 4 in the
afternoon until midnight when the
only thing that I was going to like and
enjoy was B Val Will.
The truth is it's not something that would drive me
crazy but Pablo and
Crisa Z VIP were there, well I would have
signed up if I had caught some
tickets. But anyway, it doesn't matter, we
went there, I picked him up when
the Plex fight ended and we
went around there. Well, we were around Chueca
all
night, we were around Chueca, uh, we were around Chueca
and I'm a little hungover,
uh, almost. Look, Pablo is there, okay,
send it to me Pablo and I'll put it on at
the salseria now when we go to
the salseria. But Pablo do you remember?
Lorena reminded me on the way. Do you
remember that yesterday Frank was offered
a
threesome? It's that I had completely forgotten, uh,
that
fact wasn't Anel your favorite artist? Yes, the
balls, yes, the balls. Listen to me, how
good, uh, what a good time, uh, what a
pleasure we had last night.  eh shut
up shut up we ended up drinking in the street like teenagers we didn't see her coming we didn't see her coming but that's how it is when you improvise eh says We almost saw each other in that area yes I was very close Well I had never been to Chueca to be honest Let's see I
understand that I was when I've been when I was a
child Okay when I was a child I
went to Madrid several times because
because I have a lot of family that lives there
many many cousins ​​and many uncles Well
my sister lives there what the [ __ ] No now
eh my sister moved and went to
Madrid I was about to go to
Madrid to be honest
But but the Chueca neighborhood I understand
that I saw it when I was little no one
of the first times we went as a
tourist I remember that we went and
we went to Madrid once to spend a
week with my uncles and such to
show us Madrid when we were kids
HM but Chueca I think I saw it
when I was little and I haven't gone anymore and
now because of these things at work
okay eh Ana Marta and the gossips what Ana
Marta are we starting the live Ana Marta do you
want  you write the script and you
organize it and you tell us what we have to do
and what can be discussed and what
not, people are asking me what
we did
last night, the improvised is much better,
yes, the truth is that we were very comfortable. Let's
see HM let's see yes yes we were very comfortable,
right Pablo I mean, I, I'm a potato, I, I
c a potato that I don't see eh I mean, I thought it was
an important potato eh on the way today
on the way today I just left for nothing else I left
Madrid I was by what's it
called
man the outskirts of Madrid my
head hurt a lot, let's say I was
about to stop at a hostel and
stay there to sleep eh now but what
happens is that I did stop at a
pharmacy I bought something that I had never
taken in my life that what
the pharmacist tells you Lorena take Give
this and this like a sachet like as if it
were the gabion but it was thicker not
a little unpleasant and a pill but
nothing after a while it left me new I
'm tired I'm exhausted I don't know if
I'll last long but oh well  and well and
Fran making videos with the girl from the
garbage truck and with the police officers
from the car Z No no we were very good let's
see Fran he can't he can't go out on
the street much the truth is I mean it's
impressive of course on top of that on top of that it's not
that he goes very discreet and the and he can't go I mean
but he goes walking and it's a
constant but if you don't drink Javi I don't
drink Laura but when I drink no no no no I don't
know how to stop I don't drink you know maybe I
drink twice a year okay listen well look
one day what about which bang bang maybe I'll have a few
beers one day
one weekend my father knows But I do
n't drink but yesterday a glass bang come on
another bang bang no no no I didn't stop I didn't stop I was completely drunk completely drunk drunk drunk drunk
But anyway
Later on I'll show you the photos
there at the salsería okay let's comment
here the chimeco
and let's comment here the
gossip and I have to say here that
Lorena besides being  gorgeous she's a lovely
girl super intelligent I didn't
know her and I thought she was a
fantastic girl she is she is Pablo she is
proud of me she is she is the best woman
in the world the best mother the one who is
hottest and the one who is the most beautiful inside and out
what happened with Play and Fran was
great it was epic
Okay but the thing with Play and Fran
we'll talk about it later the salsería in more
detail I'm not going to talk about it in
both places okay Did you take a picture with ibai
no but I didn't I didn't go to the evening I
arrived I picked up these people and
outside you make videos saying that your
friends got lost well Javier Oliver says Why did
n't you go to the evening are your two
idols bval and Will sm well I didn't go because I had
seen him a week before or rather
this month I had already seen
bval two weekends ago
Last weekend no the other one I saw him Here we go I was
sweating and we saw willen pissed off How
long ago a month Approximately in El
Hormiguero if I hadn't seen if I
hadn't seen William I Yes I would have
gone to the evening  Let's see, I'm telling you, it's not a
thing, it's that the evening is from
4 in the afternoon, no Pablo, if I'm not
mistaken, 4 in the afternoon more or less
until 12 at night. Of course, and it's a
fight, really. I mean, the artists go in
between from time to time, it's not like it
's a concert, of course, it's not like it
's a concert
and in between they put on a fight, no no,
but most of the time they're
fights. It's that for me, you
know, from 5 Pablo, but of course you spend
the day
there, let's see. I do. Yes, if I had known in
advance that you guys were there. Ah, and that you
were going to spend the day there too, well, to
be with you, yes, I would have gone,
but anyway, we saw each other later, it was
good, it was
good, we'll see next year what
artists are there because of course next year
bval isn't going because bval is now on
leave until
2026.
So then we'll see, we'll see
if I feel like it at some point, it
's not for nothing, eh, I mean, it's cool And such.
But no, you know, as for
sports, I now  now I see the
four clips here at night pim pam p
you know and and we see the summary a little bit And
that But of course every day the evening doesn't
call me eh I mean it doesn't call me It doesn't
call me much but it's true that
the performances Well then we'll talk about it
well at the salsería okay And me with two
tickets at home I curse everything Pili
that you had two tickets and you haven't
spent them And why haven't you sold them
but if people were fighting like crazy
for the tickets even streamers eh I
mean streamers needed tickets
Well
and last night there was an attack also last night there
was an attack eh I will make a video
on the main channel in decent conditions
okay
m I can't put the images here
Although I'm seeing that on YouTube
people are uploading the images okay
but I understand that you can't put the
images the images of an attack
can't be put on YouTube there are people
putting it up and and they're going to hit him they're
going to hit him youtuber
the video is going to be capped
and there was an attack they tried to
assassinate Trump  to Donald
Trump to Donald
Trump now now at night I'm going to get
informed well I don't know if I should record the video
Tonight
or or I'll record it tomorrow but hom it will be
the video of it will be the video of the
Main Channel tomorrow
100% it will be the video of the Main Channel
tomorrow I had thought today to start
the live watching a little since we
're talking about the evening watching
a little of María
Patiño's work in the evening when they took her
position let's see I was a little I was
a little caught because it seems that
the plans changed like at the last minute
okay of course you guys haven't
followed this because it was from La chavalería it was
from la salsería okay And in the last
newscast I think it was or in the second to last I
talked about it Okay and we were
watching it self-attack Javi nobody believes it or we're
already with the conspiracies and
stuff like that what if that María Patiño I
told her that you were there next door and that I should stop by and say
hi and she didn't want to well
you saw her no Pablo when you
were leaving Cristina told me that you
left through the same  door
No cristinini if ​​she presented of course let's see it's
that cristinini is a streamer I don't know if you
know her around here she's a streamer like that
very cute the girl and and she's very
working right now on the Grand Prix
with Ramón García and she
's also presenting something I think it's in I do
n't remember if it was HBO or Netflix I
think it was HBO okay
but but of course this year for whatever reason
I didn't understand it much okay I don't
see that it was a joke what Cristinini did
with the
tickets I didn't understand very well eh
the thing
with Patiño they changed it and they kicked her out
of what was going to
be let's see they announced that María
Patiño was going to present well she wasn't going to
present she says I'm not going to present the
evening no no the evening is presented by Ivai
the evening is presented by Ivai with
collaborators who are Well, a couple
of streamers who are with him and who are more
or less the ones who have been with him
their hands made with the evening and then
narrators from boceo as far as I
understand quite important and well-
known no and what was announced about
María  Patiño who also announced it herself
From quicky she also sold it as I'm
going to present the evening and then it was
nuanced in the media and it was explained that what was
going to be María Patiño was with
Marina rivers who is a
very beautiful influencer who fought
last year at the evening okay And that she is
also collaborating now Dona
Rosa Well, what the two of them were going to do
was interview the participants
when they fought Okay m
when that has normally been done by
Cristinini I mean all these years ago
Cristinini has done it with someone
else If my
memory serves me correctly last year I do
n't remember who she did it with
last year but I know that the previous one she
did it with a girl who also worked
at Twitch who was ex of Rubius but
last year I think it was Cristin Inis alone
last year I don't remember but anyway The
Movida Is that suddenly yesterday I am you
know from time to time while I was
waiting Fran well I was getting well
In fact also uh For him I mean when
the evening started I was still on my
way okay  to
Madrid fate you the evening how long I had
time there and there mon a
kiss sweetheart Thank you very much meo Ah It's
true Ari Gameplay damn last year it
's true Cristinini with Ari Well then
F you how long the evening is I would leave
here to me Fran spoke to me at 2 in the
afternoon I say come on Let's go come on I'm going
there I left the children with the grandparents and I
went there or rather and on the way
the evening began that
I had set it to
free brothers and we were listening to it the
evening began we arrived in Madrid we arrived at the
hotel we took a shower and still
Lorena and I went around the
Bernabeu to have a few beers
while while it was the
Play fight well La Movida that when I see
that Cristinini starts to introduce it
because something happened this
week And it is that apparently Cristinini
got angry or it upset her that
she had asked for some tickets to go
there accompanied and nothing more that they had
given her something that surprises me but it happens
a lot okay or rather it surprises me in the
sense that  She
uh has a lot of contact with Ibai I
mean she presented the evening and she
presented a lot of things with Ibai on
the Ibai Channel and it surprised me But well
apparently in the middle of it not
when you were all going Well suddenly they
offered her to present the evening And
how And
why And then María Patiño that they were going to
let her go So Cristinini at
first said no because this
weekend she's with the Grand Prix she has the
HBO thing too I don't know how much and that no that she couldn't take it
anymore no and
suddenly and
suddenly I see Cristinini there
presenting
with Marina
River and it took a long time to leave
María
Patiño came out twice once with Chostas
and another time with Auron Play ridiculous horrible
uh ridiculous
horrible I didn't understand it at all
and there was a third one that there was no time
to come in that she was going to interview she was going to
chat with me Juan okay but not that one I mean they
were sitting there but no longer had
time to give her way okay uh
I don't know if this is the
TV factory Let's see let's see
María's moments  Patiño I don't know if
this is the
TV factory that was already behind ivai for
a long time I remember
when they were still on
tele5 with the King thing, this one they did, it's
not like it's a kind of save me but about
football and so on,
no, the TV factory
was behind ibai to be a
collaboration blah blah okay So
what I think happened here is
that somehow the
TV factory, what about people, paid for
María patino to be
there too I'll tell you eh I don't know what What
exactly I can't get [ __ ] But this
is uploaded in pieces no it's not uploaded
completely
yet it's not uploaded completely
yet you have to go to
Twitch it happens that on Twitch it's more of a
pain to
search for it on Twitch it's more brandy take a
second I
don't know how I can find this
quickly let's see and that's it No of course it's
on twi Maybe they upload it after 24
hours no maybe they upload extracts but the
complete thing maybe after 24 hours
not in the video part because you put
in the place of the boxers of their
families of the people that the Yes but
on YouTube it was easier for me
Maybe Search for the Pieces of María
Patiño is that María Patiño has appeared for two little
whiles Look at this little while that is with
Auron and this one that I hate the juste
is called okay that is a channel that does
this kind of gossip but of the I mean
[Music]
no Well in total María Patiño
appeared
the first time with chocas it
was the first time with chocas it was
here or so
twice two free interventions
Thank you very much Who has been lizardo lizardo
handsome
Thank you very much twice man Because
Of course you have already had fun it's
my turn there it is there was valorant on
console totally free How I
like elor Grand I remember TR but if I
want to also talk about things that I was not
expecting and unexpected crossovers
we have attention to the new
interview duo juste and María Patiño with
chocas this is
incredible no I do not understand this very well
eh I mean I would say that this is something from the
television factory to get
eh publicity No but of
course I do not see
What  way it would be
advertised quicki in this you understand me
Because it is Let's see maybe they
mention it and I didn't realize it's that I'm already
telling you Good afternoon here from the
Santiago Bernabeu we are with Chostos
please loud applause and most
importantly this also needs to be discussed
with María Patiño María Patiño most
importantly because of course I am
very ignorant but I have been
amazed by the amount of people who
follow you and that I went to ask you for a photo
what are you giving them host he asked the
same thing to both of them
guy he asked the same thing
to he asked the same thing to shoka
that auron Oh how many people follow you what are you
giving them Eh well the best of me I intuit the
best of I have to make a brief aside
much is that of many well too many
things said that you don't have a filter no no I don't
have many the first thing is very nice the
announcement of valorant by Ray
When are you going to release the
mmo I am not interested in the
shoter it's that no goal
and Well
look Patiño has said that he is going to present
in
Sálvame goal of
Spain  take out the Memo riot I wanted to hit
the advertising stick listen to me
you bought an impressive house s
Yes but I don't understand this I
mean it's been a few months since the
shoka's house was the topic of the moment
no and the whole María Patiño thing that's what you
have to ask shoka
that I mean I don't understand why they
put this person here I mean to
tell chocas that because so many people follow him
and Hey they told me that they
told me that you bought an
impressive house the truth is that I am
lucky to be able to dedicate myself to what I
like like you who have spent a lot of
time doing what you like and
Well then we are lucky to
enjoy what we do and to be able to
afford things that would cost a lot more to
get and well then we can
get them chocas What do you think so far of
the two fights we've had
the race against Agustín it was
clear for Agustín and then we had
this fight as well but apart from chocas he took
the microphone off him no to the and he doesn't
give it to him eh with a little bit of Galicia
with the Prime  Yes, I saw it Pilar, about the
Prime, I saw a little bit of your Terra,
tell me how you've seen it so far,
sad because I appreciate both of them a lot, both
Wanar and Krix, but it's
true that after 4 months of
training it's a shame that the fight
ends like this. I understand that obviously
the doctors are there to do their
job and it seems correct to me, I would be
very
peroo a by because I've been reading
statements, you fight, María, don't fight, no no no,
a commitment. Oh, because I
read the last interview regarding
this evening, the fourth evening, and he is
considering continuing because, of course, how
can you improve on this year's events? 4
million people, I think I've
seen some of that, it's crazy, what do you
think? We have to continue because he is
doubting between continuing or going back to the
beginning of that first idea. 4 years ago
you have the option of doing like Tony
Cross and leaving on your [ __ ] Prime or well,
continue, because leaving on your [ __ ]
Prime, of course. No, that's where the problem comes from, no, what you
do, any option is good in
your Prime, it's at your peak, at your best
moment, at your best
moment, dude  but let's see
man but they put this as
filler you know to give it a position
Of course because of it is that no
this does not make sense Javi look at the Tracker to see
how many subs it won and by But that can be
known And why don't you look at it and
tell me man why don't you look at it and
tell me careful how
good at its highest level at its highest
level Exactly performing at the highest level
I would continue I really like these
types of events they are history they will remain
for life the people who are dedicated
to the creation of have had a future
Chocas looks like a communion boy he looks like
the son of Antonio Alcántara I put it on
Twitter I will study the operation of
this because this is like parallel to
television and man I would continue
without a doubt if you have something so big so
magnificent in the Bernabeu in the best
stadium in the world I have a proposal I
have an idea after Riazor that
something that could work to improve
is to add more things In addition to boxing
Add Maybe things like MMA and there is
a person named Tocas who
said that if there is that he  fight how are you
but not
Javi don't mind the question I
want to ask you But who is saron that I have
seen in x that has a strange support and
others do not know who it is but I have seen
that they mess with if you can tell me something
Thanks Sara on
Sara I
saw that I have seen that she has a
strange support and others do not know who she
is and Pilar says no account that we are
interested But Sara
villin the ex of auron
Play on I did
not understand
pil nauter
flay about nauter flay
Ah about nter flay is what you
mean let's see that Well then I will comment on
something the salsería I have
prepared here to comment on the salsería
Because naut if I understand that he will say about
NF let's see but that is youth I will
comment on that later I have it prepared here
to comment more or less because I have
seen a lot of people on
Twitter let's see this basically it is a
person look here sar vín is
commenting on it no this is a person who
has a harassment account, I mean it is an
account literally that has been around for years
okay insulting me and other
creators Okay but in a good way over here I have  I'll
get a few examples But I'm
going to talk about this properly later at the
Pili salsería if you want to find out But
yes they have sent me that they have a
strange support let's see they sent me some
screenshots in the group you were posting
some screenshots because there were people like
showing their support no let's see I
understand that whoever shows their support for
a
harassment account either doesn't know who it is and what they
do or they think what they do is okay is
that another one no there is no let's see I understand that it's the
usual group you know but
basically it's Javi a youtuber with a
pathetic channel says whose voice is to blame
m let's see is that I'm going to talk about it properly at
the salsería and they sent me a tweet that was
n't bad at all from someone who says
that I dox her and it's a guy who is not
that I'm going to sue him it's that he's already
sued and I already posted something about
pambi now it says that I dox let's see I have
n't doxed anyone I mean it came to me
the other day Who was this girl
who was behind this account for
a  series of things that she had with
someone I don't know why but oh well
We have not doxxed her nor are we going to
leak her data let's see how much I
understand that people are sharing
Who is clear it is very easy to
insult anonymity and take the liberty
as they do not know me nobody is going to take
action against me well I say whatever
okay eh not me neither me nor anyone
around me the first thing is that I am not the
boss of what people say no matter how many
moderators they are or colleagues or
followers people put what they want
okay the second thing is
that I have not doxxed her nor am I going to publish
her data I have not even put a tweet
saying Who is it Well look it is this Okay
now obviously what
a few of us youtubers are going to do is take
action Okay I have caught this but I
will see this calmly later the
salsería Okay but yes there are people who are let's
see I understand that the people who are
supporting this put against me the
typical groups of always okay But look at
the scammer Dallas
and money laundering by YouTube
Javi
Oliveira  today we know that he was an accomplice to
the
scam okay this
has almost 50,000 views okay Javi
Oliveira deleted the live from his channel
By the way, I managed to rescue
some clicks okay that then there were
youtubers that echoed this
fake news 220,000 views
saying that I had deleted the live
because the explanations didn't work I don't
know what okay confirmed
Dallas would have given Dallas would have given
orders to Javi Oliveira to be the one who
now dedicates his time to Delos and
divert attention from the
scam 46,000 views in other words they are
defamations with Jav Oliveira using his
family I affirm it 13,000 views so
who is surprised that he would take it out on
this person and the worst case scenario is
not my thing eh
look with Inai you shouldn't argue anything
just insult him and talk about all his
possible mental illnesses and leave
just make memes of don't tell your
mother okay in other words Look what
Inai says here that I was taking
a youtuber to the limit to prevent him from committing
suicide  of course This is what we're
talking about, things with hundreds of thousands
of views, okay Inc Sky confirms
what everyone already knows. He and
his team brought down Pambi and
took the money. Now they're putting
Oliveira on the ropes. I
mean, it's years
of insults, slander, and daily things
with a lot of repercussions. And I
simply commented on the news
since we were talking about Sara
villin HM because Sara also, well,
Sara had it before me, okay, I
mean, I'm very angry with you, he says, says
Pablo. But let's see. It's that I don't understand, I don't
understand. What is the support and the
issue? I mean, eh, what I said on the
news was that, obviously, I have
a couple of things left to confirm, but
man, measures are going to be taken, but not me.
The worst ones are not mine,
mine are the ones whose least
concern is the measures that I'm going to
take. Mine, that they're going to
make compensation of 5 or 6,000 euros,
I don't know what it could be. Mine
calls me a scammer, he calls me a lot of
things, okay, I use my children,
anyway.  a lot of stuff
insults I don't know, well if you have
a Twitter account and a tweet goes viral
where you defame, slander and all that
stuff, well people are going to
sue you, it's that there is no other thing but
mine is and
mine is the least of their worries
eh I'm telling you and Pablo is over there and he
knows what I'm telling you but the thing is that I've seen
people yes you have sent me TT from people
Oh the support
Poor thing like Poor thing Thank you very much thank you very much
privately I'll talk about that
later Pili more extensively No not
very extensively either it's simply like Hey do you
know what you're supporting I ask
eh I ask eh do you know what you're
supporting it's not because it's against you
Jai well well well then let it be known what they support let it be known that
the people who
are supporting this are supporting that
Of course because there he's not telling me
how ugly his hair is or what shitty
videos Javi Oliveira makes there Well
then that's it Okay I mean everyone has
their opinion how ugly Javi's clothes are or
Javi no  he's right in this video whatever
you want there he's calling me a
scammer There are a lot of T where
people tell him mental [ __ ] you just have to
insult him there is that incites hatred I mean
but it's brutal So there are people
who support him and his loss not Poor thing
Well then Okay they are going to be people So who
likes that no I don't understand anything else
well what about Maria pa has been that little
piece and then the other little piece is with
Auron or I mean look at it is that I don't
understand man I don't understand this
collaboration I don't understand this
collaboration
Although yours is better yours is
better I would be
pissing we also have a
special guest in the box we have there
Mr. Patiño and you this duo in fashion right now
on social networks eh The
Avengers of the evening Hey we have
triumphed eh Maria Well I don't know if so
much because I have put my foot in it with this gentleman
Maria is not a singer no I already know I have already
found out and all of Spain and the
world too Forgive me is it okay It's that of
course they call me Auron Play yesterday and I
say
singer because it sounds like it sounds trapper
hard music no Of course but you're not
singer well shower don't you feel like
starting a career the the song Hey
right now no no but there is something of a
singer and an artist because they have
told me that it is super rare that you leave
somewhere and that you are in a
public place that is very exclusive yes it is very
exclusive Well it is hard for me to see man yesterday
Pablo How was Fran's Yesterday on the
street I mean without exaggerating eh without exaggerating
you can't no I mean without exaggerating eh I don't know if
Pablo is around there yet
m he can't he goes down the street and goes Pin
Pin Pin comes in buys a sandwich he
has to record some videos for the
saleswoman for his nephew comes out of the
store sandwich the people who were
leaving entering the store the photo
we walk down the street the street they have
stopped it 28 times okay all the way all
the way we go in let's go walking through
Chueca all the places wanted to
put it inside no that we are we were
looking looking for a quiet place to
have a drink and and everything at the
door here here here but not to you that
Ja I have to get involved with you that I have to
upload the channel Ja a kiss sun Thank you very much
love a pain as always  a photo
a photo a photo No of course it's normal let's
see people see it and people like it and
people want a photo of course I mean
if I see someone I like I can
put a photo of them too of course but of course no you don't
go out anywhere but it was
all the time eh I mean it was
all at the door of the Hotel Well we
accompanied him to the hotel for one thing to his
room Well at the entrance to the
exit of the Hotel everything everything everyone everyone on the hotel
terrace
on the hotel terrace all the time everything everything everything all the time everything all the
time then Of
course well auron what's going on
because he doesn't go out
why would he go out for all the
time to move around Yes the truth is I'm a
little bit good it's that the streamers let's see
We're a little bit like that not to be at home
quietly but well when there's an
event like that it's nice to come the
truth is it's nice it's true but you're a
little bit of an [ __ ] too eh each one who
asked Fran for a photo Javi
pointed at me And he said this is a youtuber
too let's see it's that he was a little bit
happy me Pablo was
there it's true it's true  every time
gfan stopped I would say but this one is more
famous This is an
important streamer of his time if they are the
streamers let's see sometimes it costs us a
little more to go out sometimes other things
less correct Oh it doesn't cost me anything to go out
I love going out well last year you
were at the evening of the year 2s what do you
think of this one that you missed
last year cor hostia Well look, I
have a lot of affection for the evening of the year two
but damn It is very beautiful the
truth Santiago Bernabeu in Santiago
Bernabeu What did you think of the
cobra gesture with the shirt I thought it was
wonderful The truth I mean I
am very much a Barça fan but you have to admit
that this is a great stadium it is beautiful eh
and the atmosphere is spectacular it
is truly incredible I was hallucinating at the moment
that Will Smith is there and there is a sign
in the background that I think says eh singing
in the dark it could be it could be yes it could not
be no tell me yes or yes no
steel but if the great one was at the
Bernab But the thing is that I am looking
forward singing in the dark
I think it sounds to me like what it said was sing when you're sad or something like that, I think it said in English, I would be peeing, I was looking forward at a moment clo cuasar But the thing is that I didn't go with Fran to the evening, Fran wasn't at the evening,
Pablo and Cristina were there, and if I had
known that they were going to throw this I
would have gone with them too and I
would have wasted the day but Fran went for the
plex fight, he just went in and
left at that
moment he comes to say that there's a moment
of darkness where what you have to do
is get excited and sing Yes Yes, listen, it
surprised me Yes in the shower sometimes it
happens to me like that, I am, it surprised me
considering that practically nobody knew
Will Smith's songs, they have
moved the Bernabeu but with
madness,
eh, spectacular, what Will Smith did was
incredible, I mean, at that moment I went down to the
parking lot because I wanted to meet David
Bisbal
Ah, to another cu and the security people were
throwing me out saying no, no, no and I but I do
n't want to meet Willem Mick who  I
want to meet Bisbal cone a
bis Hello good afternoon You haven't told him You haven't
told him how are they how are
the machines how are the machines
first of all and nothing I took a picture
with him because it was really interesting damn well
I want to take a picture
with you How beautiful Hey his name is Raúl I
've already found out everything of course wonderful
and he's a singer he's the third of Estopa I don't
know if you know she's nervous she knows what to
do do you remember the scene recently with
this Expósito next to
Michael Jackson's daughter well she's a bit like that
Patiño Uh well she's a bit like that eh they
're messing with her and she doesn't
understand don't push my nose because I
believe it no Let's see I don't know let's see let's see
things have happened they're friends and I've sung
with them a few times have you seen a joke eh I
mean he was somewhat right Well let's
see if you want to hold on to that And
why are you so successful that I've seen that
people are killing themselves for you why what do you give them What do
you have the question man I mean it's
like the question is like he wants me to
tell you The kid I'm not the  I'm the [ __ ] master and
I'm the best Raf extreme has for
example absolutely nothing the truth no
what do you have what do you have what do you have nothing what you
see what do you have I'm a piece of
[ __ ] Eh Oh you like feet nothing what
you see I'm a piece of
[Laughs]
[ __ ] I'm a piece of [ __ ] and and
outside it's How do you like feet
G is
unleashed You guys see this You guys
see this
normal You guys see this normal
family
Pablo Pablo you would have Okay Pablo you
would have here you would have here touched
something eh you Here you would have caught eh
Pablo I was going to tell you Pablo how would you have
reacted yes yes you do this pu you
Here you would have even smelled eh
Bastard
Pablo
Pablo how was it I
can put Ah I can't put it because
Cristina's son is coming out Pablo
has left Pablo has left
Pablo is that he sent me a me
in person he loses a lot Hey but
really Patiño is fine eh No no no
kidding he's not bad Let's see he's not bad
eh he's half a meter tall What's up Damn You
want her to play basketball Pablo
Cristina sends me a picture  and of them
there inside at the Bernabeu and there's
Cristina her son and Pablo okay And there's
Pablo all shirtless like this with the
Polo all messed up already sitting like this and and and he
says to me and Pablo was talking to me on
WhatsApp and he says No here I'm
seeing Bisbal I was seeing Bisbal
who was as always obviously the
best okay And I wasn't like
that I say to him I answer to him I answer
Cristina and I say let's go it's that look it's that I'm
going to read you the WhatsApp I'm not going to
show you the photo because the son appears
but but I'm going to tell you what what I
put to Cristina when she sent me that
photo
[Music]
damn or is it
here I put it I'm glad you brought
your son and your grandfather to the event Pablo
can I put you are an [ __ ] no no but
Wait Wait Let's go to one thing let's go
one thing I'm going to remove the
son I'm going to remove the son and I'm going to put
the photo okay wait a moment so that
people understand what we're
talking about
Look at my
Pablo Look at my Pablo Look at my
Pablo Put  the audio that Cris sent you at
that
moment Wait
wait it's that I don't remember Ah okay okay
okay but but won't they tell me n strange in the
audio no let's see wait come
on I'll put it I'm glad you brought
your son and grandpa to the event
man so they can have a good time let's see
wait I'll
look for it
grandpa grandpa sends you a message your
grandpa is going to hit you so hard he's
going to turn your face upside
down he woke up he woke up he
woke up when I sent him the
audio he woke up
please noo I like feet it's
red he likes
feet that he liked and that I know
alario it
disgusts me that came from a meme that my
foot disgusted me no no it can't be this is
historical eh I mean María Patiño
has asked Ur Play is that if
you send this to me I mean if you send it to me I mean if you send it to me
a few months ago no I don't I don't
understand the explanation I mean if
a few months ago you told me No
look Javi that María Patiño is going to have
a talk with auron  Play and how Auron
Play is with
Gemita's foot doesn't make a [ __ ] sense, I mean,
Auron Play with Gref's ex, okay. And of
course it all started with the feet of the one with
the photos of Gref's ex's feet, of
course, how do you explain that Auron Play isn't? I
mean, you told me this a year ago and they
say no, it's that Auron isn't with Billin,
Auron has I don't know what with Gemita and it
all starts with a photo and María Patiño
is going to talk to Auron Play in a live show
and they're going to talk about that relationship and the
feet, I mean, you explain it to me after a year, I can't get
the explanation, I wouldn't have
understood it.
She's very polite, also putting her foot
in your face,
completely regrettable, completely
not family, how do I see it? Completely
regrettable, you don't have
Auron Play himself, you weren't even
able to ask a
decent question, that's why the best
interview that Auron Play has is on my
channel,
the best and almost the only one, okay, almost the
only one, the best and almost the only interview he
has, damn, what a face  face Play and it doesn't
come out oe But you have to be you have to be a
son of a [ __ ] so it doesn't come out
no Let's see let's see
the best interview there is with Auron
Play you have it on my main channel
okay face to face with Auron Play it's
called something else you like Although
yours is better eh yours is better that does look better that
see the
truth it looks better moment Hey i
want to ask you something like that you do
n't want the thing you show your foot no
nocer you said that you said that I said that I'm going to put you in
a tight spot that the winner of the king of the
track was going to be a fighter in the
next evening Ah I said it you keep you
keep your promise man I would
love to see Carche fight he
did very well but yes let me
finish the evening four before
starting the c no man please I
'm putting you on other letterheads
too that's it I remembered Pass me the
clip and if I said it
Hey al something you want to say to Mr.
Auron Play here present no nothing I'm
very glad that he came because I know that he
likes it a lot  Bisbal and Auron don't be
scared Maria and I you are nice damn it's com
Ah okay okay okay okay perfect Perfect perfect of
course Hey do you
have any favorite moment for now
from this evening something that you've already
said spectacular eh Let's see everything so
far has seemed spectacular to me but
I'm waiting for Mariana's fight Ah I
thought you were going to say our
match too it has also been
very magical but but the Mariana plex the
truth is everyone is waiting for it because
bigger eh everyone is
waiting for it because because it's plex and because it's
Mariana says Uy everyone is waiting for
the plex fight and Mariana's
Why Because it is because it's the Main
Maria everyone is waiting for it because
see they are big they are big they are
very well known streamers very good
kids plex for example has had a
very Beastly physical change with which let's
see if in the end that change has served
for something and between you There is a really good vibe
Okay Uy how late it just
happened Well why no there is no competition
competition really no what happens is that
like in high school Well you
like one and the other  no Who you don't like,
everyone is worth it to me in general
Get the exclusive, that's why you don't leave the
house There are only 3 million people
watching this Who you don't like
in general, the human being is worth it Hey, it's
not bad, you have a winner, you
have a favorite for him Who do you think is
going to win and who do you want to win is
going to win Plex I want Mariano to win
Yes, why For something special, eh Let's see, I
have more affection and sympathy for Mariana,
the truth is
Ah F that I thought she had more of a
relationship with x because Complex has done
collaborations, let's see, they are collaborations
with brands, I think the ones they've done,
but but with Mariana I have never seen
Auro, they will never have played No, I do
n't usually watch the game, they will have played, I
imagine because I think he is one of the
best streamers there is, he speaks Spanish,
then on the other hand, I think that Plex is a [ __ ] mess with
that physical change It's that I think he'll
punch you and your mother will go into
mourning, eh But have you seen that he had the
hyperbolic camera and everything, Plex is that he
had all the instruments  to
get strong I say but this camera that
you get in and it restores you completely,
the
camera was bought but I don't understand this thing about the camera
Pablo or rather that's what you told me
yesterday the camera that restores you let's go it's
called a camera What's the name of the camera
Can you put it in the chat
please the camera that
restores you the camera hyperbolic hyperbaric chamber
hyperbaric But
this but this so that you this you
buy it and put it in the keli
[Music]
This is one of the few cameras or the
only single-seat chamber in Catalonia that's
good that operates at enough
pressure to be considered or But
how is this is that I don't understand it's
not called a hyperbolic chamber What
happens is that Yuste is such an idiot that he calls it a
hyperbolic chamber but before he
said I'm going to put you on a letterhead
instead of saying I'm going to put you in join very
idiot very idiot Yes yes it's that look it's that
I don't know ibai why he put and there
the truth is he and he and he was annoying
ibai or rather J has a channel  which is about
gossip from the game that Ibai plays and
basically leaked things from the company
and things like that, Ronaldo's wife
too, but I mean, let's see, I
can buy this to put it
here, but this has to cost a [ __ ] fortune, it does
n't restore you. But how does it
restore you? What do I have to have wrong with it for
this to
restore it? Or well, I understand that you can
go to places not to
[Music] So no, not like a
peper barrel. And to
achieve the effects of
hyperbaric medicine, from approximately
1.6 atmospheres, which are usually about
6 meters deep, the oxygen bubble
becomes smaller, apart from being
transported by the blood by
hemoglobin, eh, it liquefies with the
blood plasma, it achieves that
oxygen saturations reach us that are 23 times
higher than normal. This oxygen
overcomes all the barriers that we
have in the body. Then it
reaches all the cells of the body,
a cascade of life, a cascade of
pure oxygen, oxygen continues. Well,
then it accelerates the regenerative processes,
eh, the soft tissue, well, we can talk
that in half the time you
can, for example, heal any
type of bone, but this is if you have
wounds, no, if you don't have wounds, no, what does
this do? What it does is increase the
pressure? By increasing the pressure, the
partial pressure of oxygen increases and therefore
favors muscular and bone recovery. Yes, of
course, but if you don't have any
problems in your body, you don't have wounds
or anything. Why do you
want it? Life, any type of
surgical scar, any type of ulcer, a
cup ulcer, the well-known bedsore,
any type of diabetic foot ulcer
with that
hyperoxygenate is those
regeneration processes, oxygen is toxic
for bacteria, most of which are
anaerobic, they regenerate the cell, but I
understand that what this does is
age you more, it serves many things,
Jai, but let's see, give me an idea of ​​​​what benefit
I can get from that to buy
one or
not, the poison that what it does is avoid
or accelerate the
recovery processes because after an
infection, apart from the bacteria that
are aerobic, hyperbaric oxygen eh
increases the bioavailability of
antibiotics, which makes them
more  effective and that and that we cure or that or
that we recover sooner because of that
infectious process the chamber
simply consists of doing a
gas exchange in which we do a
dry dive in which simply
lie down and dedicate yourself to breathing
eh always with a technician and a doctor
directing the session and performing
maneuvers like those performed
in scuba diving the Valsalva and another
maneuver to do the decompression
to avoid so that they equalize they
age more
slowly let's see during the exercise they make
micro tears in the fibers and with this they
regenerate sooner it allows you to train more
often to lower the recovery time
Javi the exercises that plex did
can cause micro tears in the muscle and
the chamber
restores it okay
Well but this is a medical thing
no I mean you can't go to a place or I mean
get treatment this has some
kind of
aesthetic benefit Or is it only to
cure things I mean this
you can go to places get
it done Kiko already
got into
aesthetics it has
nothing man if you're telling me that it
rejuvenates you but of course  It will be worth it to spend that, do
n't
do it,
it doesn't restore the skin, man, let's
see some scars and things
like that. Hey, I'm going to see that, eh, I'm going to
buy one,
eh. No, no, no, I'm not going to buy it,
eh. Don't rejuvenate yourself, let's
see. There are people who tell me
yes. Pablo tightens the skin.
Pablo Cris, look for it for me,
please, we won't buy it for you. Hey, let's put on a
bar, give me a bar, guys, let's
see, listen to me, give me a bar, no
way, kidding, are you interested in having me
here longer, young and handsome? Have
n't you seen the house, the house that has
hatred? That man had this camera?
Michael Yaso, well, he has it, well,
spectacular, wow, how strong Ronaldo, I think he has
one of those too, what the
[ __ ], but you can buy it if you
want, I can, but I'm not going to use it. But
why not, but what's the point of
that? But listen, you don't want to fight, I'll fight,
come on, someone, just like when
Fernanfo said that only if it was against
Luzu, you have to have someone, and come on a
little bit. I would hit someone who's
my size.  there are a lot of people Yes it could
be eight
Juan Guarnizo who are my size
buddies also buddies of course
not to put in front cche kills me well
some format do you like classic boxing
or are you like him you crash that we say let's
go to an MMA or some weird thing The
M Uy That's punches kicks to
you totally very pathetic very pathetic
eh Very pathetic what María Patiño did eh it
's more serious than all that and she's ashamed
Well in the San Juan de
p hospital there's
one it's for the drowned and
submariners me San Johan de p I
think they won't let me go shame
50,000 worth tesa
that 50k is worth
50 K 10,000 the cheapest Look hey
10,000 10,000 is more affordable eh 10,000
we can eh
family 10,000 Hey listen to me but Flama
eh To sleep Yo there pin Pam
quietly but of course You have to have a
technician too that one  problem who
can come tesa what a fabric eh what a fabric what a
fabric Lore taught me those clothes
eh For now maest the only invention
to not grow old is to die young Let's see it
's an option I'm also telling you there are
some who are [ __ ]
Eh Hey what do you think about this woman my
god what do you think about
this what do you think about
this another goal
another goal
no then Spain has already won no
surely No we could already say that
Spain wins it wouldn't be very complicated no no no
spectacular says tesa yeah but let's see
a lot of fabric tesa a lot of fabric I
imagined it but a lot of fabric and besides
the
bottom part is not there two to one Ah okay two to one okay two
to one but there's not much left no
fifteen minutes no Pablo Ah 4
minutes
left eye eye
eh 4 minutes can change
everything 4 minutes and the discount
Javi they are selling you the motorcycle unless you
have a serious injury there is no
major change then we don't
buy it family I have been
thinking about it well add it with the lower part
Javi yeah But why I mean it's a lot Let's
see when when I have my own
television program tesa there I  I'll
put those kinds of
outfits Carla for the Red
Bull shirt Eh In the end I bought another one, the
Red Bull one Well, there was a mistake, it was
n't ordered and
and and that's it I
bought another one I bought another one not the Red
Bull one but another one that was the same style
but from the merchant one from Auron
Play precisely that we were looking at,
very cool, very
cool Hey but beita says beita Javi
Remember that when you were young you were really ugly do you
want to go back to that Hey but beita you
don't cut yourself No
girl How shameless How
shameless Just like that, just like that I can't get
myself going at all
eh anyway Look for info Hey Alba Carrillo
Alba Carrillo Ok
eh says well This was a click that
we talked about not long ago, okay look,
May 2nd, May 2nd Alba Carrillo okay,
May 2nd they don't deserve you to
have good words for them and
in the case of but he doesn't get angry anymore
when we ask him about you, he doesn't get
angry anymore, how good after so many
years He's finally accepted it well, it's
funny, let's see, listen to me one thing That  You
say it, he doesn't get angry, he's just
completely expressionless, but when his
car leaves, I know he's burning inside, I know him, he
takes a swipe, see, I
asked him about him, like he used to
run away, now he's holding his own, the question,
dude, And what are you doing, don't you smile like that? Let's
see, ask me, I'm going to play
Feliciano, man. Look, imitating Feliciano,
imitating Feliciano, you're at bac
Carrillo, you've already won the
lottery, you've won the
lottery, boy, there are people who are like that, there you have to
understand it, man, imagine you
have an ex that you left 8 years ago,
years ago, who has already told you about all the
media and every time something comes up that relates to
you, what I didn't understand
is that it wasn't for me, now the
open starts and he's going to be there too. Yes, well,
he's the one who carries the magic box,
I really haven't always understood
how a person who doesn't know how to manage
their fridge can manage those things, doesn't
know how to manage their fridge on a large scale,
but girl, call me crazy, here you go.  give
any kind I have put the
administration and Hey take it with
Pride and with honor I take more of your time
when you say that he does not know how to manage his
refrigerator it is because at home it is a disaster
to Sorry and I can tell you that I have
not been told it is not a whisper
that And I can tell you that man but
come on you can not talk about a
person who left you 8 years ago as if you
knew them
currently man any person who has
not spoken to me in 3 years does not know me
any person who has not spoken
to me in 3 years does not
know me because they do not know what I am like anymore I mean
imagine 8 years I mean you know that
person how they were 8 years ago not how they are
now I mean it is it is it is strong heo
eh man who 8 years ago left her
to run around the for this she also
criticizes him with one thing and with
a you sent him to buy a turkey and he did not know he did not know the
difference between loin and
sausage he starts to remember when she
sent him to buy a turkey does it mean
no what my love then Okay
then fine Hey  if he's there, well, but he
picked up things at home, his clothes to
pick up, well, he had an important touch
of folding t-shirts And that, I don't know, he's a
wonderful human being, a kiss Sandra,
good luck, I mention his current partner, man,
imagine this,
eh, 8 years, man, and you have an ex from
years ago, if you fold clothes, yeah, I don't know
what, saying hello. Hey, good luck to his
current partner and me and
I, let's see, I understand that if the subject,
imagine, okay, she works as a
TV collaborator, right, and a
subject comes up that's about him, well, you have to
comment on it like any other person, but the
thing is, look, this is another one from
July 3rd, okay, I mean, let's think
we're talking about a month, a month
exactly,
okay, it was like two basic heterosexuals watching,
going to the bullfights, I mean, I love him, if he
were gay, I mean, Hi, no, Avellán, do
n't try it, more than anything because it's going to
leave you unsatisfied, continue with your career, his
day, he hit on me. What happens is that it
surprises me a lot because if he
likes me, he can't like me. Feliciano
was
like this  a month Eh
This was a few days ago Look on
July 10th let's go a week after let
's see okay look they ask him about
Álvaro Muñoz
almost to María José Suarez about María
José Suarez the interview that
we'll talk about a little now I had some notes
dude I had some notes
but I don't know in which notebook I did it
something similar also happened to him eh
with Álvaro Muñoz it's almost what do you think of
that relationship watch out watch out
here I have something to say he's coming he's
coming to see María José viere like me do you
remember what happened at Fitur when
you asked him about me erupted Mr.
Feliciano
López let's see what year is that okay
I can't get anything for the
uto champions or
ole look what's going to happen Today then
no what's going to happen Then
no what's going to happen
Okay then Feliciano López is coming So she
's hardened in the things of life I
mean to her this she this is
child's play Although she'll obviously be suffering
but after faith that drives you crazy
can you send me  Can you send me the video to someone
on WhatsApp please? No, no
link, the video is worth taking it
directly from David Vival saying
yesterday up there
Spain, can you please send it to me,
but the cli, I mean, don't put a
link to a tweet, someone who can
send me a video on WhatsApp please so I can
take it in a p and make you believe that you're
crazy, this is a joke, this is a joke,
for her it comes from that line. No, man, of
course, besides, I know it and I've
talked about it with friends that we have in common
and and and I mean, it's that, uh, let's go, it almost has nothing to
do with Felix because it
almost has nothing to do with Felix.
Of course, you. Here you say, let's see,
taking into account what we've been
talking about and what María José said the
other day in the interview, okay,
eh man, well, we're talking about how
Álvaro Muñoz almost cheated on
his partner, saying that he's in an
open relationship, he's not her partner, but he
is, and that he records, according to what they have said, uh, he records
his partner having sex and
shows it to his
lovers, watch out with that,
eh watch out eye to eye, to what  Of course, taking that into
account, you say [ __ ] here Alba, what's
going on, man, Feliciano is not, no, he's not like
that, the
best, he's
almost a clumsy person
because he's not well because sometimes he gets
a little carried away, but no, he's not going to say that, he's
not going to say Felix, he's not like he is, almost, no, he hasn't
reached that point. No, no, on the
contrary, he's going to downplay the
almost good thing, eh, almost good, he puts his
foot in it a little, he's a little bit, a little bit of a foot in it, he
records his partners having sex and
shows them and he shows the videos
to his lovers, nothing, a little bit of a foot in it
or but he's a good guy, I know him and he's a
good guy He brings someone he doesn't
know, nothing, he came to him on
Instagram, he pays for the train, he takes her
home and tells his wife that he
forgot his jacket, he's a good guy and
then he records you having sex and
shows it to his lovers and he's a good guy, he's a nice guy, he's
a fun guy, he's an
endearing guy, and the other one isn't endearing,
eh, says Alv, Carrillo, he's endearing
So she's already coming, work
emotionally then for her this
Well, it will be a disappointment But nothing to do
with the other thing And well,
that's tremendous, eh, I
mean, tremendous, eh tremendous This was the
other day, okay This was, I think it was
Friday, Thursday, Friday, around there, okay,
tremendous, tremendous but
today, I understand that this has been
today, today, he talked about Felix again on this
program on channel 1 that he
's working on now, from the
heart, the list of almost all the women he's
gone out with agree that it
may be difficult to trust
Álvaro. Well, listen, I don't know how they
came to that conclusion But listen, it could
be no and he forgets to pay for his
service. Well, Rosa, I find that a
little strange, to be honest, I want to
wait and
see that this issue is clarified a little, eh,
but
man, Man, of course he's saying that, well, like
this. Well, he's nice, he's
nice. No, he's not as bad as
Felix. I can't, I can't, please,
please, dear Marisa, director, a
shot of Alba Carrillo and tell me what you're
doing, cate, I'm creating Match
Point  her name is Jessica
well inside creating a group María José
Suárez inside Sandra gago
inside Hi ch Are you going to see the red
poor
fantasy or I know that she has created a group with
all the
exes Ah they are Feliciano's exes Of course yes and
and then I keep putting them too but they
are Feliciano's exes
almost 250 but that is not a What group
that is a social network 250 so to me it
seems
amazing a kiss
Joe we won by two croquettes to one
so you understand okay okay okay I already
put a tet
yoe I already put a tweet eh
[Music]
kid damn game of
agre 10000 bucks the cheapest one sends me
leonia I can't
believe it I can't
believe it I can't believe it the gossip we
have is the salsería
kid the gossip we have in the
salsería would be I'm going to go get something to eat and I'm
going to go there Hey family
incredible this eh incredible
this well long live Spain well long live Spain
Hey family I'm going to stop at  eat I'm going to
stop and get something to eat and I'm going to go to the
salseria okay In about half an hour
at the most I think I'll be
there tomorrow we'll pick up the
news here and pick up all the content
and go ahead look over there María Jesús r a
kiss Oh By the way by the way one thing uh the
thing with Lena is very strong that I heard the
other day uh the other day I was a
little
confused it was the last live stream that
we did okay
and you started here like asking me about
Elena about Elena about Elena and I
wasn't finding out You're welcome about
Elena no and I went to her live stream and I was
snooping no that she cried of course and I was
skipping back and forth uh
self-criticism Over there not sending an
audio and I didn't find out a [ __ ] thing
and and people putting me Hey but what's
going on that you don't speak out I don't know what and I'm not
finding out say but that I'm not
going to pay attention you know And what's up Estela
but now I know now I know
next the  I called for one to
tell him something about me and I asked him I don't
know what happened to you Of course because what I
believed when you told me here the
17th hour or something like that you told me no and I
looked at him but what I believed was
because of course you told me that they had
accused her of messing with a girl or having
cancer but like with those people that we
fight with not those people
our stalkers no because they really
are our stalkers we already
realized Javi the
salsería issue is very very very heated the
topics here of three salseos are a
little less interesting for my taste
okay for my taste eh for my taste
and And the truth is that
I don't like to give too much attention to the stalkers because
the truth is that a session was already dedicated to it here
for a few weeks okay the
thing was completely exposed and
they are not going to stop in their [ __ ] life
because they profit from harassing you
know and then well I didn't understand
why you were giving it so much
importance in fact I was like
saying Okay but I don't want
talk about that which I don't talk about
but the truth is that not because I
want to I don't want to talk to us but
because the the the I don't know about them I mean to
me for example there are times when they send me
no the other day they sent me the
birthday one no the one with the balloons no So
I keep sending me and I'm
freaking out that they keep passing
days go by and
time goes by I'm like I don't even know about those people
but those people do continue yes they continue on about
me not their lives around mine no and
I don't I don't know it's that many times you either take me for granted that I know
everything okay we
saw you very confused it's that many times you take for
granted that I know all those
things I don't know those things I mean I
inform myself about the things that I'm going to
talk about in video for example today no well
when I got here I started to
prepare a little about
Alba Carrillo, about María
Patiño and such no and tell you a little about the
trip the other day in Vienna at
night with Lorena I saw the interview with
María José Suárez and me and me and me  I started
watching the whole thing taking notes and all that
but of course I'm
not into that kind of thing I have no [ __ ] idea today for example
coming here on the way on one
of these that I stopped okay And I was
on my phone uh or I don't know if it was yesterday I think it
was yesterday I think it was yesterday before
something like that came out they sent me a tweet
no that said something like that the lady the one you
know hadn't been
insulting Elena on
live for 4 hours uh
what can I
tell you what I'm telling you or so how many months
have passed We're already talking
we're with this about
when what can I tell you about a
year a year okay during January more or
less I think it was when we did this series
Freaky no one answered Everything got all going
no then between them they also
killed each other and so on no What's passed
months and you're telling me that months They
're still with us the guy well it's not there
Dei about the vigil about I don't know
what about I don't know
how much you know of course it's that to me every
day until today Of course but it's that to me I
told myself that but I with  they I don't know
about them I don't know about them I know what you
're telling me no stop no stop no no and
this bothers me I find out about
things in fact okay because they are things that do
n't matter to me and don't interest me they are
insignificant and they are people who
simply well well that lady
is being sued this other one the one my
stalker well I understand that she is going to be
sued Pablo also has to decide
and little else then they try to
drag out the trials she doesn't pick up the cards and
all that but what do I do do you
understand I mean for me No I am here
to tell you important things about
relevant people about famous people on TV about
programs on the main channel
tomorrow will be the Trump thing the attack okay at
the salsería I can't supply myself to comment on
all the topics of the salsería about
Dallas the pambi I don't know what I don't know how much I that
have some ticks
stuck there that months have passed and
years will pass years and years and
years will pass And they will continue talking about what happens
here on telesalseo and if I am not in
telesalseo because I'm busy at the
salseria they start commenting on the
salseria of course and the problem is that
you all think that I know
about the things that they say about me I'm not
aware of what
people who are nobodies say but
forgive me it's not because I think I'm
Enrique Iglesi here and that they are
anonymous people that I'm not, they're not important to
me, I mean I comment on
relevant people you know what I mean Yes we did at the
time in January this series about the
freaks but I'm removing some things that I
comment on because I find it impressive
like the balloon thing the other day or the thing about
the aunt showing me her legs you know
what I'm saying And then she starts talking to me
here no because look pin pan I didn't
pronounce you and it's like let's see me for
Lena just like for l I kill like
Bel Esteban no no let's see if you understand me
obviously if she needs to see
Elena was already telling me no what
had happened no And then the Move is that it's
been discovered it doesn't matter if I'm
wrong it's been discovered Of  who is
her stalker's account who is
behind the stalker's account do you
remember not that Tania liked
tweets that posts that said
Elena was sucking my [ __ ] and then using
the same mouth to kiss her husband no that
Tania liked her comments no
mm that the man
behind it has been discovered no then of course I was shocked when they
told me the other day,
well, I was shocked I see it there and I do
see it as relevant to touch it quite
likely that he will touch it in the following
days but well showing everything well of course yes if it
is the person it is shocked of
course It's that you have not told me this
and of course that person from Cara to
her real identity was supporting us and
the and from Cara to her anonymous account okay she
was saying those kinds of things to
Elena strong that eh Javi you pretend you don't
understand And you know everything You are very
hypocritical Andrea that honey I understand
that you eh Andrea I understand that you
will be all day getting into those
types of channels not honey I'm talking to you
from arba Carrillo from María Patiño of the
evening now for example the last 24
hours been traveling going to Madrid
returning to Madrid returning from Madrid to spend the
whole night enjoying with
Fran not watching a live broadcast of a
70 year old lady who harasses me l I found out about this I
found out about this the day after you
told me about it you see it's the That's
the mistake that people
think that people think
eh that I'm informed about all the
topics of these channels that we're
talking about channels that are Maybe
four or five live broadcasts a day about me
of two or three hours each I don't
know that I don't watch the content they
warn me about the most
serious things but of course the the the lady
is like the one who just commented No
she sees me here and she thinks that when I'm not
here I'm watching those
live broadcasts ma'am when I'm not here
I'm recording a video for the
main channel I'm at the gym for an hour and a
half or I'm with the kids or I'm with
my wife or I'm I mean the salsería ma'am there
are three channels can you calculate more or
less to get all that what  It
takes time, I don't have time to watch a
live stream of irrelevant and harassing people
because they are obviously harassers
Because those are harassers eh I
mean, that group are
harassers but it is very strong On that
subject, yes, I do see it a little bit there of
that yes, maybe we should
dedicate a live stream to it
eh I do see that strongly because it is
a bit shocking, right? And above all, that there are
people who support those people, of
course,
above all, that there are people who support those
people okay And how they caught it,
well, we explained it well, tarantula because
from what I understand, I'm
talking to you a little bit ago from what they've
told me, eh, I would still have to get
involved, yes, yes, if we really did
do that live stream,
eh, we would have to, eh, I would have to
see it well and make a compilation
for you to put on screen. Look, on such a
day, on such a day. Look, on his account with his
real identity he put this and with the other one he
put this and Pin and you know and we explained it
well and the whole thing God creates them, they get
together Yes, yes, yes, they are all
United among themselves, they are not all United
among themselves  Of course, let's see, of course
I learned this at the sanctuary.
I've already told you many times that you go to the
sanctuary, okay. And there's no need to
explain to the chief barara where
the kangaroos have to go. Where they
have to go, no, the goats go with
the goats, the otters with the otters, the
cows go with the
cows. Each one hangs out with its own
species, of course,
but I didn't know that. You're putting me
in the chat now. In fact, Elena,
no, I haven't spoken to her. I spoke to
her that day on the phone, it was a
night when I was having a really broken night. I
spoke to her on the phone. Around 6
in the morning, I think it was because I
woke up around 5. We chatted on
WhatsApp and we called each other while I was
having a coffee and she was telling me
what had happened. Well, of course, I
was like that, I say, or are
people putting me in the chat last night? She
was trying to explain something to me about
you. I thought it was that she came here for her
personal reasons. For her personal reasons, she
came here.  down because they had
touched on a delicate subject you know and that's
what I caught the other day here
live when you were telling me
when you were telling me eh when you
were telling me
[Music]
here what I understood was that like they had
made that accusation and it had
caught her on a more delicate day no and she
had V down and now it turns out that
when I was right about La Movida It's that they've
caught her Who is the one behind
that disgusting account man and
we had him here the whole
time and I haven't spoken to her I haven't
spoken to her because suddenly Yesterday
when I
got up Fran spoke to me and I ran
to Madrid, I mean I had to grab all
the suitcases make her do grab the suitcase really
fast boom and I ran off to Madrid
then
Javi Tomorrow they're going to invent something else
Yeah but I'll see this one to
comment on this thing yeah I'm not going to
pay attention to everything they do because it's that
they do it every day they do it every
day they do it every day they do it
every day it's like
man let's see if  you bother me
imagine
no this no so people don't get confused
no it's like what we were talking about
before about the Twitter harassment account
no that there are people who are
supporting him well and this is not a
conflict Eh This no This is not a
conflict of them against us
Because we get along badly and I tell you And
you tell me no no no no These are
harassers who don't want to let you
go because they have been told actively
and passively to leave us alone or rather Look
the difference is very simple now with
this I'm leaving
okay I would sign for any of
them
and today He says that they are not going to let you that they are not
going to leave Pilar because they don't they have
not come here to YouTube to create
content They don't know some have
tried for a while to talk to you about Olga to
talk to you I don't know what But well harassers harassers
okay
and the difference is very simple for the
people who defend them that those who
support them and so on no Look it's as simple
as the following no because they say
no but the thing is that look is that Javi
told me this is that Javi Javi responds to a
Pull one such every two weeks every month
because  Things come to me and you say,
[ __ ], I'm going to throw a barb, I'm going to post
a tweet, okay, but they set the difference,
Pilar verun and all these people who
support this, this type of users, it
's not very simple if they are bothered by what
Javi says in a tweet or what
Javi answers or whatever, it's very
simple, Pilar ber irum, I would sign a
contract with any of them and any of
you in which I sign that I have to
pay 10,000 if I
mention them again they wouldn't
sign it because because they wouldn't
want to sign something where they can't
mention me, so of course there you see, there
you have the difference and that it's not
an exchange. No, I
would sign right now, you come to me with a contract. Look,
you never mention me again, I
never mention you again, not even in passing,
and I would sign it, eh, take 10,000, whoever
breaks the contract, they wouldn't sign it,
there you have the difference because it's not a
crossover, who feeds on the work of others
and harassing tarantula, but they are harassers  they
are stalkers So it has to be
mandatory the content Javi
Oliveira every day even if Javi
Oliveira is traveling Even if Javi Oliveira
goes on vacation to Portugal Even if
Javi Oliveira has not appeared for a week
by Teresa because the
salseria and they start commenting on the
princess thing or rather it is eh it is that they are
stalkers they are stalkers who have
assumed the burden on me that I have to put up with it that I have to
assume the
burden so that they can earn 100
200 a month as if it is
my responsibility what are they going to sign their good time would end
Well there you have the difference lo
lailo
They say oh it's that Javi sent me
this tweet Oh it's that on such a day he mentioned me
man of course Javi from time to time who is
also a person Javi from time to
time responds and tells you Hey look what they
told me Hey look at this lady
with the Balloons Hey look at this but the
difference you have there the difference
is that I am you are who don't mention you that it is
not worth it let's sign it we
sign it  on paper I never ever
mention any of that group and they
never mention me Neither do I sign it with a
penalty of 100,000 turkeys 10,500 turkeys
but they wouldn't sign it because they
live and feed off of harassment and
obsession with one person Only and those who
are around because of course with
Elena and with wings they get involved because they are
around me if not they would not care as if they
were family I said it okay I'm going to
eat something and I'm seeing that Anuel has
responded to Then things are going to get
interesting at the salsería So I'll
show up there soon okay over here on
telesalseo we will also be active
okay I will try to be as active as
possible on the three channels but I'm
warning you that tomorrow morning
what I want to record is the cheating thing
okay I'll see you I'll see you